{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9920\viewh15620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 CITY SYNTH\
\
Logic Controller Assignments\
\
Grab com.apple.logic.pro.cs file from Prefs\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://documentation.apple.com/en/logicpro/controlsurfacessupport/index.html#chapter=2%26section=5%26tasks=true"}}{\fldrslt https://documentation.apple.com/en/logicpro/controlsurfacessupport/index.html#chapter=2%26section=5%26tasks=true}}\
\
All controller assignments are Lo7, 0 127, Scaled assignments.\
Parameters use Channel Strip, Fader Bank tracks  (current: 2-3, 5-6, 8, 10)\
Volumes use Channel Strip, Auxiliary 1-4\
Master Vol uses Channel Strip, Output 1\
\
There are 17 controller assignments for communication between Processing and Logic\
\
///////\
1. Master Volume (Output 1)\
Ch 1, controller 36\
\
2. Aux 1 (video 1 group fader). \
Ch 2, controller 31\
\
3. Aux 2 (video 2 group fader)\
Ch 2, controller 32\
\
4. Aux 3 (video 3 group fader)\
Ch 2, controller 33\
\
5. Aux 4 (video 4 group fader)\
Ch 2, controller 34\
\
6. Bitcrusher Freq Sampling (fader bank 8 - drums)\
Ch 5, controller 45\
\
7. Bitcrusher Bit Depth (fader bank 8 - drums)\
Ch 5, controller 46\
\
8. EQ High Cut (LPF, fader bank 8 - drums)\
Ch 5, controller 47\
\
9. Alchemy Pad X (fader bank 5 - bass)\
Ch 3, controller 41\
\
10. Alchemy Pad Y (fader bank 5 - bass)\
Ch 3, controller 42\
\
11. Alchemy Pad X (fader bank 10 - special)\
Ch 6, controller 51\
\
12. Alchemy Pad Y (fader bank 10 - special)\
Ch 6, controller 52\
\
13. EQ High Cut (LPF, fader bank 2 - arp)\
Ch 1, controller 55\
\
14. EQ High Q (LPF, fader bank 2 - arp)\
Ch 1, controller 56\
\
15. EQ High Cut (LPF, fader bank 3 - arp)\
Ch 1, controller 57\
\
16. EQ High Q (LPF, fader bank 3 - arp)\
Ch 1, controller 58\
\
17. Bass EQ LowPass Cutoff (fader bank 5 - bass)\
Ch 3, controller 60\
}